com/example/eventsapp/MyAccount.java
 com.example.eventsapp.MyAccount
 com.example.eventsapp.MyAccount$1
com/example/eventsapp/databinding/ActivityMyChatBinding.java
 com.example.eventsapp.databinding.ActivityMyChatBinding
com/example/eventsapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.eventsapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/eventsapp/databinding/FragmentMyFavoriteBinding.java
 com.example.eventsapp.databinding.FragmentMyFavoriteBinding
com/example/eventsapp/databinding/FragmentMyChatBinding.java
 com.example.eventsapp.databinding.FragmentMyChatBinding
com/example/eventsapp/Event_Content.java
 com.example.eventsapp.Event_Content
com/example/eventsapp/MyFilter.java
 com.example.eventsapp.MyFilter
 com.example.eventsapp.MyFilter$1
com/example/eventsapp/databinding/ActivityMyAccountBinding.java
 com.example.eventsapp.databinding.ActivityMyAccountBinding
com/example/eventsapp/MyChatWithPeopleAdapter.java
 com.example.eventsapp.MyChatWithPeopleAdapter
 com.example.eventsapp.MyChatWithPeopleAdapter$MyViewHolderAdapter
com/example/eventsapp/MyEvents.java
 com.example.eventsapp.MyEvents
com/example/eventsapp/databinding/ActivityEventContentBinding.java
 com.example.eventsapp.databinding.ActivityEventContentBinding
com/example/eventsapp/MyFavoriteFragment.java
 com.example.eventsapp.MyFavoriteFragment
com/example/eventsapp/databinding/EventsViewBinding.java
 com.example.eventsapp.databinding.EventsViewBinding
com/example/eventsapp/MyEventsAdapter.java
 com.example.eventsapp.MyEventsAdapter
 com.example.eventsapp.MyEventsAdapter$1
 com.example.eventsapp.MyEventsAdapter$EventsViewHolder
com/example/eventsapp/databinding/MyChatWithPeopleBinding.java
 com.example.eventsapp.databinding.MyChatWithPeopleBinding
com/example/eventsapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.eventsapp.BuildConfig
com/example/eventsapp/databinding/ActivityMyFilterBinding.java
 com.example.eventsapp.databinding.ActivityMyFilterBinding
com/example/eventsapp/MyChatViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.eventsapp.MyChatViewPagerAdapter
com/example/eventsapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.eventsapp.MainActivity
 com.example.eventsapp.MainActivity$1
 com.example.eventsapp.MainActivity$2
 com.example.eventsapp.MainActivity$3
 com.example.eventsapp.MainActivity$4
com/example/eventsapp/MyChatWithPeople.java
 com.example.eventsapp.MyChatWithPeople
com/example/eventsapp/MyChat.java
 com.example.eventsapp.MyChat
 com.example.eventsapp.MyChat$1
com/example/eventsapp/MyChatFragment.java
 com.example.eventsapp.MyChatFragment
